DOC-2056: Added TINY-9892 to the release notes. (#2767)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

For information on the **Merge Tags** plugin, see: xref:mergetags.adoc[Merge Tags].

=== Footnotes 1.0.1

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Footnotes** premium plugin.

> **Footnotes** 1.0.1 includes one fix:

Reviewer: Should this be here the ticket is for templates the ticket had the wrong component.

Author: @spocke Updated, thanks for the heads up.

> === Footnotes 1.0.1
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Footnotes** premium plugin.
> 
> **Footnotes** 1.0.1 includes one fix:

Author: ```suggestion
=== Advanced Templates 1.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.

**Advanced Templates** 1.2.0 includes one fix:
```

> === The insert template button and menu item was not disabled when the selection was in a non-editable context.
> //#TINY-9892
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the insert template button and menu item remained enabled even in `contenteditable="false"` contexts.
> 
> As a consequence, no action occured when attempting to insert a template into a `contenteditable="false"` root.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the button and toolbar item will now be disabled when the selection is in a `contenteditable="false"` context.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== The insert footnotes button and menu item was not disabled when the selection was in a non-editable context.
//#TINY-9892

In previous versions of {productname}, the insert footnotes button and menu item remained enabled even in `contenteditable="false"` contexts.

As a consequence, no action occured when attempting to insert a footnote into a `contenteditable="false"` root.

In {productname} 6.5, the button and toolbar item will now be disabled when the selection is in a `contenteditable="false"` context.

```

> === Advanced Templates 1.2.0
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Templates** premium plugin.
> 
> **Advanced Templates** 1.2.0 includes one fix:
> 
> === The insert template button and menu item was not disabled when the selection was in a non-editable context.
> //#TINY-9892
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the insert template button and menu item remained enabled even in `contenteditable="false"` contexts.
> 
> As a consequence, no action occured when attempting to insert a template into a `contenteditable="false"` root.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the button and toolbar item will now be disabled when the selection is in a `contenteditable="false"` context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== The *Insert → Template…* menu item and equivalent toolbar button was not disabled when the selection was inside an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set
//#TINY-9892

In previous versions of {productname}, the *Insert → Template…* menu item, and equivalent toolbar button remained active when the user’s selection or insertion point was inside an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

As a consequence, the *Advanced Template* toolbar button and menu item appeared enabled, but clicking on them had no effect.

no action occured when attempting to insert a template into a `contenteditable="false"` root.

A fix was implemented in {productname} 6.5. {productname} now checks if the user’s current selection is within an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set. If it is, the *Advanced Template* toolbar button and menu item are disabled, as expected.

For information on the **Advanced Templates** plugin, see: xref:advanced-templates.adoc[Advanced Templates].
```

1. spelling out _element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute_ in full for correctness’s sake.
2. copy edits to UX and UI item spelling and presentation to exactly match presentation in the editor.
3. Other suggested edits.
4. Addition of the _For more information_ line containing an appropriate xref.

Author: @brian-forte Did you intend on leaving this in here?
`no action occured when attempting to insert a template into a `contenteditable="false"` root.`

Reviewer 2: > Did you intend on leaving this in here?

Good catch. I did not, and I’ve now removed it.
